<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!-- This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public
     - License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this
     - file, You can obtain one at http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/. -->
<!DOCTYPE html [
  <!ENTITY % appMgrDTD SYSTEM "chrome://browser/locale/devtools/app-manager.dtd" >
  %appMgrDTD;
]>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">

  <head>
    <meta charset="utf8"/>
    <base href="chrome://browser/content/devtools/app-manager/"></base>
    <title>&assistant.title;</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="chrome://browser/skin/devtools/app-manager/assistant.css" type="text/css"/>
  </head>

  <body show="intro">

    <header>
      <h1>&assistant.h1;</h1>
    </header>

    <section id="page-intro">
      <p>Welcome to the App Manager. This tool will help you build and install apps for Html web apps compatible devices (like Firefox OS).</p>
      <p>To be able to debug web applications, it's recommended to use a device (like a Firefox OS phone) or install the Firefox OS simulator. This assistant will help you setup your device or install the simulator.</p>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#setupdevice">Setup a device</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installsimulator">Install a simulator</a></li>
      </ul>
    </section>

    <section id="page-setupdevice">
      <h2>Setup a device</h2>
      <p>To connect a device, it needs to be plugged to your computer via USB. It also needs to be linked to your computer via a tool named <strong>adb</strong>.
      Firefox can handle the adb connection for you (no need to install adb), or you can do it manually (install and start adb yourself).</p>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#setupdevice-adbaddon">Let Firefox control adb</a></li>
        <li><a href="#setupdevice-manualadb">Setup adb manually</a></li>
      </ul>
    </section>


    <!-- ADB ADDON -->


    <section id="page-setupdevice-adbaddon">
      <h2>Setup a device: install adb addon</h2>
      <p>For Firefox to be able to control adb itself, an addon needs to be installed (no restart required).</p>
      <p><a href="http://addons.mozilla.org/">install adb addon</a></p>

      <p is-adb-addon-ready="false">
        <style scoped="">
          :scope > * {
            display: none;
          }
          :scope[is-adb-addon-installed="true"] > .ready,
          :scope[is-adb-addon-installed="false"] > .notready {
            display: inline;
          }
        </style>
        <span class="notready">Adb addon not installed.</span>
        <span class="tready">Adb addon installed. <a href="#setupdevice-adbaddon-testconnection">Scan for devices</a>.</span>
      </p>
    </section>

    <section id="page-setupdevice-adbaddon-testconnection">
      <h2>Setup a device: scan for devices</h2>
      <div device-count="0">
        <style scoped="">
          :scope > * {
            display: none;
          }
          :scope[device-count=0] > .nodevice,
          :scope[device-count=1] > .onedevice,
          :scope[device-count] > .multipledevice {
            display: block;
          }
        </style>
        <p class="nodevice">No device found. Plug a compatible device. If your device is not recognised, see the <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Firefox_OS/Using_the_App_Manager#Troubleshooting">toubleshooting section on MDN</a>.</p>
        <p class="onedevice">One device found.</p>
        <p class="multipledevice"><span>42</span> devices found.</p>
        <div>
          <p>We're ready for the next step.
          Turn on <em>remote debugging</em> on your device (<a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Firefox_OS/Using_the_App_Manager#Configuring_the_device">see how to setup your device on MDN</a>) and then select a device:</p>
          <ul>
            <li><button>full_keon</button></li>
          </ul>
        </div>
      </div>
    </section>

    <section id="page-setupdevice-adbaddon-testconnection-success">
      <h2>Setup a device: succes</h2>
      <p>Congratulation. Your device is connected and ready for app development.</p>
      <button>close</button>
    </section>

    <section id="page-setupdevice-adbaddon-testconnection-failure">
      <h2>Setup a device: failed</h2>
      <p>Your device is visible but doesn't appear to be debuggable. See the <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Firefox_OS/Using_the_App_Manager#Troubleshooting">toubleshooting section on MDN</a>.</p>
    </section>


    <!-- MANUAL ADB SETUP -->


    <section id="page-setupdevice-manualadb">
      <h2>Setup a device: configure adb</h2>
      <p>Make sure to have adb installed on your computer. Then, start the <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Firefox_OS/Using_the_App_Manager#Configuring_the_device">adb forward command as explained on MDN</a>.
      Once done, try to connect your device.</p>
      <label>
        <span>port:</span>
        <input type="number"></input>
      </label>

    </section>

  </body>

 <script type="application/javascript;version=1.8" src="first-run.js"></script>
</html>
